Update billing.md (#4620)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/operations/billing.md

### Creating an invoice

1. On the Deal page, find the Invoices section on the right-hand side, then click Create Blank Invoice.

> 1. Add the corresponding products,start and end date per productline, discounts to reflect their first invoice as agreed in the order form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the corresponding products, start and end date per product line, discounts to reflect their first invoice as agreed in the order form.
```
